I have four in my Family Dad Mum and sister .My Dad works at Melton. My sister `go to Tonbury. My Mum goes out sometimes .I go to Bridgebrook i go out sometimes on Tuesday night i go to Youth club .On thursday nights I go bellringing on Saturdays I go down to the farm. on sundays I go to church. I go to bed at 10 o clock I wash TV at 5 o clock I live in a house. The house is in the world. I live at Boar Parva it is near Melton and Bridgebrook and Smallerden. The house is white it has stone up the front it is the first from Bridgebrook and the sexton from Smallerden. My Mum is at home She goes to the shop on fridays My Dad goes to work at Smallerden .What I do when I get home from school. On monday I sometimes go down the farm in the night I wash TV there is BBC and I.T.V. I like I.T.V. We call Anglia I.T.V. We have got Anglia like to watch cowboys .On Tuesday I get off the bus and sometimes in the night I go to the Youth colbe .I like to watch T.V. there is a lot of things on T.V. I wash it each night. .I think xtv is good but people say it gives us squar "yes .The Murder Car. 1 night when it was dark about 12 o'clock a man was knock down by a car. The body was found ? 7 o'clock in the morning. The name of the man who was wild was Jack Robbinson he has black hair brown eyes blue Jacket and blue Jeans. No one sea the car. there had been a lot of people knock down by a car so they calf it the murder car. The Police can out to look for the car. The other cars were black so one of the other people said. The murder man has a black beard The next day one of the policemen were killed the next day they found the car over the Hill she was the man near it he was dead. I kissed a girl one night there "yes were burning blue She said o do you love me Of course of course I do. Bell Ringing. When you start Bell Ringing you have to ring a bell be for you can do anything all .It takes a lot to ring a bell on the rope there is a sally. ON the bell there is a wheel .the wheel has the rope on it some silly are green and the mother are red white and blue. When you can ring. You have to ring round that is when you go 123456 when you can down that. You ring. like this. These are the names of them Plain Hunt plain Bob Grandsire Doubles. Grandsire Triples it takes a long time to ring them. I have been ringing a long time we go to Smallerden and Oakwell and Guildwell we will be going to Smallerden this Thursday I ring 1 2 and 3 but not 4 5 and 6 I like going bell ringing some time the bell brakes And the rope goes up and if you are not carfull you will go up with it we start at 7.30 and end at 9.oclock. Me and my dad bike to Melton. THE SICK SOW OF THE ARMY COURT One day Sergent S. M. Bullimore told Hut 29 to clean cynthia pig sty out. When Hut 29 got there they had to go and get some grass masks because the smell was to strong When S M Bullimore came to the pig sty the pig was laid out on the floor when they came back S. M. Bullimore said what have you been doing to my sow we have not done anything we had to go and get some grass masks because the smell was two strong that is only the soap what I wash it with prasp he get some soap Flogger said shall I go and get the vet get back in the line be for I put you on charge Flogger said under his breath `go and have a money run' what did you say o nothing sir go and get some whiskey okay sir put some soap in it Flogger said Oswald OK said Flogger Flogger went off a little while after he came with a large soape whiskey he gave it to S. M. Bullimore Then he gave it to the pig A little while after the pig `go up and there beside there were six little pigs S M Bullimore said that made there better that was not me that was the hope you are on charge what did you give there I cake her some whiskey and hope you have her that no I knver I sir you did that's one thing sir It has made her better. Pigs When young up to being wild for bacon When they are young you have to tate 3 days then you can inject them for pneumonia diseases you have back shire they have drye straw when you clean them out you should not leave a talk in with them because the mother might knock it down and the little pigs might stab them souve we give "the worms powder that is when they get the worms this will stop them from going thin you should box a little place off so only the little pigs can get in it that is so they can go out of the way of where mother some people put a light in with there to keep them warm you have to make shire that mother has a lot of milk. If she was not got a nougth milk you will have to feed them on a bottle when they come eat a little bit you can get them some little nuts if fating they can date some meal when they get a little bigger we give them some fating food called Nomber 2 (he you wean that is take them from their mother you have got to see if they fight if there is any little ones fighting when they (and bang you have to see about saying when they have been wait and ready to go away to be wild .Billy Bunter was two large So they sent for him in charge him in charge was two thin So they sent fro Rin Tin Tin Rin Tin Tin heart is poor So they sent for Barbra Moore Barbra Moore was having dinner So "the sent for Yule Brinner Yule Brinner sang two high Then they went to space in the sky My heart is full of sadness My heart is full of joy It might be my wife Or it might be Helen of troy One Saturday I through I would go to the Races at London I went on my royal Enfield they can go quite first this was a royal Enfield consulatoin there were some royal Enfield Racing there as well I saw a royal Enfield come first it was like mine. there were the new japanese hondor they are very first and getting quite popular in England I saw one man come off he was on a B.S.A. One man had to go in Hospital because he broke his leg. a nouther man heart, his arm in a sidecar race I don't think it was much I saw a sidecar turne right over the side care man was alright but the motorbike Rider was thrown into the crowd I don't "no what hapend to him he was heard quite bad. the sidecar broke off the moter bike and sound down the track for 7 yards then hit a man who was on the corner and killed him his hat was blowing down the track the moter bike caugh fire and blew up the petal went all over the track but they shone put it out by sand there was some oil got on the track as well it made it very slippery them were quite a few people there because it was a nice dry day The fianl race was on there were 2 royal Enfield 3 Japanese hondor 1 B.S.A. 3 triumph they were on the starting line Bang where off one BSA is still on the starting line the rest are round the bend I can see one man off he is on a trumh I think a Japanese hondor is in the lead I think he is to to lead this (one by 3 yards and a royal Enfield 2 and a hondor 3. The End we went over the football field it was quite wet and soon made my toes cold. the grass was quite long now it shot with the dew on it. a field ploud next to it I think it was down yesterday. on the other side was in hedge it had a lot of thorns in it .they have cleaned the river and made it very wide fire the ducks there were some potato in the water .there were some brussels men sitting in the parth way round a fire we had to go on to a ploud field to get round them this made my shoes hevey .this was quite muddy some boys did not think much to it nor did I but we still went. the dew on the brussels leaves made them book girls .Mr. Holbrook went over the brook first some were boys going round but only one went after all the rest went over the tree Gerald nearly went in one foot tock the water then we went across the new piece of grass into school we went and cleaned our shoes with paper then the bell went for brick .2. JOAN STALL page 54 A poem A little yellow bird sat on my window sill He shop and popped about He wisheld he chirped .I tried to chach my little yellow brid but he flew in to the golden yellow sun O how I wish that was my yellow brid .ANN That's what you think JOHN That's what I "no .JEAN the longer you stay here talking we can't get on with you here DENNIS Come on John I "no when we're not wanted JEAN Yes four not whated here JOHN good by ANN I knew that would happen .Apple red and green start are bright The apple trees are tall The leaves are small The apply fall in aunt time When you get to the cores inside the cores are pips you thought the cores on the fire to bran then. the boys in our village go in the orcher and clim the trees and pinch they all then they run away with them .then the eyewigs fall out in where pocket the apply are sweet. the trees are fill of apply .some of them are cookers. the apples are so gay having on the trees. with the sun on them .no wonder the boys like pinch them What I am going to do when I leave school When I leave I want to be a hair dreser in Melton or Tonbury. or I want to work in a shop. I do not whont to get marryid till I am twentone .When I have children I am going to leave work and the husbon has got to like children and tick them out. I want twins. and I want four bridesmaids. I whont to live in a bungalow. for my holiday I would like to go to butlin's  for a hunemoon I like to go to Scotland. On our table there is a sculptor model this was made by Mrs Chalmers This is Just like a real thank .this is a model of a boy it is staring on a block wood This was malod in clay not a whole molad Just the Head. Swan upping When they do this kind of thank they need comes waters. they have to handle them very caresll They use small Boats peolpe think this is very corller to wash them and put stamp on where wings in this picture there is a man carrying ton out of the Boat its swing are tied so that it can not prick the man's arms the swam are dellitent thank some one day the sun was out and up the stairs I went. My mother in a temper I spent my day in bed. for fear of my mother I darnt go near. For fear I dident get to see the sun There she lays So quitely there Waiting for the day People weeping waiting Sighing all the days where hearts are weeping Crying so Hearts beating so raperly LINDA ? not going out tonight with him I don't want to see him again. carry Linda stop it and come out wear at once. LINDA You can't back me. JOHN "what wrong .mary I told her that you were thing me out at half past 12 tonight JOHN You what. carry Well I had to tell her JOHN Yes I suppose you did well is not her fault .is my fault for trying to be a pig. carry mine too still "you got the job of thing her or me JOHN I think I had beat go home and think it out LINDA there's nothing to think out I am through with you for good. JOHN Linda wait LINDA that the good of waiting for you is it. Linda slander the door in his face. JOHN hello Jean cart we talk it over and come to some disson JEAN Talk about what for instead JOHN Well make it up. JEAN I am sorry John. there's nothing to make up. JOHN What do you mean; where in one eyes us is there. JEAN Well what if there is it's got nothing to do with you JOHN look I am only trining to be nice JEAN Well don't JOHN all right then I won't be nice it looks like I got to be brought with you JEAN if you lay a hand on me I will scem JOHN do you think that scares me JEAN well I wound yet didn't I JOHN I don't care what you said. you just want to hurt me JEAN no I don't you think you can hurt me well you ring JOHN I don't want to think of it JEAN Well perhaps you better not see me eney more JOHN Don't be silly I want to see you tonight JEAN I don't go about that JOHN I see you at 6 o, clock JEAN well all right then JOHN four a doll JEAN I don't go about that JOHN Well I do JEAN goodby see you tonight charickter where parents David and Jill It all started with a row with where parents JILL I am fed up with you telling me hot to go out with I am not a two year old I can make up my own mind without asking you what to do PARENTS that will be enough from you my girl or els four find yourself in bed I just had engouh of you my girl JILL Well I am going to pack my bag and move out. PARENTS If you move out four never come in this house again. JILL Well that's good engouh for me ? be out in an hour. PARENTS When you get out you can stay out JILL that's good. Jill ran upstairs to pack a case she came down put on her coat and went out of the front door. PARENTS (she not coming back in this house whatever happens .Jill went to her boyfrends house she rang the door bell David opened the door. DAVID What are you doing wear ?I was just coming round to your house to see if you could put me up for the night I have had a row with my parents. They told me to get out. JILL shot was my parents. DAVID let's go and get married that's if you whont to married. JILL Of course I do. DAVID Well let's go and get married then we can get a flat or something Well they got married and got a house. They live happily ever after. The End. 5 Elmden Road Nr Melton 21 November Dear France I thought I had better write to you telling you what we do in English with Mr. Holbrook well we do a lot of writing such as story and letter so that it helps when we leave school. It helps speak properly when we leave school. Love Joan. 3. GEORGE GREEN page 62 A stars The BlinD Date People Rex harrison fork at visor television factory Jean smith also works at nor Audrey watson wonrs at the gnenhouen in Melton. Jean said to Audrey has a sweet and Audrey said to Jean we are This Rex is is excited and Jean and Rex wean to the house of the mouthr and Rex said to Jean is it my house and Jean said to Rex it is a his The sneaking gang are dangerous and a tedeboy went in the shop and the sneaking gang went to the shop waited for the tedeboy and the tedeboy kim out of the shop and hit a old man out sild of the shop and the sneaking gang got the tedeboy and three of sneaking gang the tedeboy .The Sick Sow. ton day The Sow was sick and the old from went for the vethn and the old sow whdn't not hethy in fanit and the old from side to vethn the old sow is on hethy so the vethu side to the frmh I will kumh and see. the load sick sow side the vethn and the frmh went to see the load sick sow and the vethn and the frmh see load fat sick sow side the frmh and went at the farm and not the frmh out the big fat sick sow went and lady down the frmh went to with the big fat sick sow and saw behism and the frmh .went in the house and he sat down and he bad he and sick sow went two lady down and the vetin went and the went see what is on his and the sick sow went to seph and the vethn went to the frmh house and sick sow the vethn to the framh and the vethn side to the old big fat sick sow is a seph and the sick sow not the vethn and frmh run and run up sechrus and the sick sow went to the pits house and lady down and went seph and the frmh hot vethn and went bath to Melton and frmh with to see see sick sow and he ruth humit and sick old sow work up and old sow is beththe (and the beheading : Good people all I pray you now behold Our old Fool's bracelet is not made of gold But it is made of iron and good steel And unto death we'll make this old Fool yield. FOOL: I pray forbear my children small For as I am lost as parent to you all O let me live a while your sport for to advance That I may rise again and with you have a dance. They sing Now old father that you know our will That for your estate we do your body kill Soon after death the bell for four shall toll And wish the Lord he may receive your soul THEN the fool falls down and the dancers with their swords in their (and  wings the following song. Good people all you see what we have down We have cut down out father like me evening ton and here he lies all in his purple gore And we are afraid he never will dance more NOVEMBER 11 1960 The sneaking went to the Pub and a pint of brown and went out of the Pub and went round the corner to the shop and see teddoy starts troefle and the sneaking went the teddoy and the teddoy running up and down the streets and the sneaking went round the corner to see the teddoy on the .15 NOVEMBER 1960 The Redex Jack O'Malley: Boss George Green 2 Head John Young 2 head went to the pictures and hit the manager and he went down the stairs and hit a woman and the fainted We home. The end of the story. 15 NOVEMBER THE POEM OF THE OLD women My old man a he Old women hurbured she 29 NOVEMBER 1960 I am a man 6 ft tall he landed in the kitching ft in the hall The School. The school in the meadow a school the road a man the cornfield where daffodils do grow. The House of Love The man is a policeman and he to the house of house love and he went in a man crowsed the head and the policeman went down on the floor and house of love was haunted and the police went to the haunted house of love and police got the man in house of love the end The teddy boys are a big haded and Police what to get a grip of the taddyboys and see a bit the knife of the ship at the kiffe and to see the shop keeper and to tell the shop keeper not to not to give the teddy boys kiffe .They are to dancers and she murdered and we are troy to stop. Apple Apple on the tree Can you come and please me ?If you can you will be The sweetest apple on the tree. The stolen Goods On Saturday Tom took a lorry up to London and the Police stay stopped Tom and a arrested Him and they took him to the Police Station and question Him and he went to prison for 7 years THE (and The MAN dead On Monday a old man went to the old club and not man went see him shot his self THE (and The ship Tony went on the queen Mary on him met James and Phil and I went to see the Q liner 13 JANUARY The him The Thieves At Monday I went to the Car Park and see a man stall a car and went to fetch the cops and the cops went to the Car Park and the man went out of the Car Park in the cops went to the cops station and I went London I see went up the pipe and went to the pipe and shook the pipe and the man kim down the cops come to the man and arrested The (and 13 JANUARY The ship of the Jap Case On Monday I see Jap case taking bike and went to the shop and taking a bowl sweet went on bike and the police was water for Jap Case and Jon case was arrested and the case on Friday and Jap Case was built of taking a bike and He 7 Jail THE (and The down gang Saturday the down gang went to the cafe and hit the old man and the cafe man went to ring the polic and the polic can to the cafe and the down gang beat the polic and the down gang run for it a police car caught and the down gang got 7 years in jail and he wife when to be the husband in Jail and warder in jail house when to he husband and told he is tin you went said the warder and she went home and he did not coum home. The (and .THE Murder hunt In the day man and a girl went in to a cafe and man and girl never come out of the cafe and the old man and girl went to a walk and the old man murder and he went home and mother father went to the police and the police went in the cafe and the police said to the man at the counter did you serve girl and load man yes the man at the counter thank and the police went for walk and the police found the girl murbur murder hunt the found the mat died The (and 25 JANUARY The ship tramp I went to work and I see a tramp Walking up the road and I went to see the tramp and I said to the tramp what do you with I said the old tramp The rotter school teacher name is Mr. HoLBook he is a tramp he needs a wash and a haircut and a new shirt and he has a big head and beady eyes I went up heath and I see a old man with a gun and I run down the hill and old man chase you and he is gaining my and I followed and I was on the side the road and said to an Irish stop the man from shooting you and the Irish hit him knocked him out and went him and sat down Bill said to man do you want a fag and said yes went out The (and In 19 January 29 a murder on the A 10 a young boy in the road coppers went along the road and see the young boy in road and the coppers identify the boy he was John Easter the sergeant 30 MAY 1961 THE GiRL is locker in An Attic The missing girl was found in a attic the Lady went down the road got to man: and she rung the police station and the fire brigade and the fire man: smashed a window and the girl is safe and the man: who might able to help them the name is John Smith sandy hair and he is driving a stardnd tin XTV 212 If anybody see it please ring Scotland ysid Whitehall 1212 The (and tom's rotten house Tom Sullivans house stinks and his chairs have holes in them his mother is a fat pig his dad is tashie and Tom Sullivan wears baggy trousers like old somerset people. I see a hare running down the bed and I see a fish sticklebacks in the down in the water and a wild rose in the hedge and rook up in the have I see a water-rat it went in a hole in the bank. And I see a dead rook and we climbed over a willow tree and walk down the bed and walk back to the school .Hare hare cow to me or else I kick up a tree fish sticklebacks in the sea I will sticklebacks out of the sea or you can pull me in the sea and I swam in the sea .A rook has a long beak and a big head and long wings and big fat and the colour is black and in the sun is it blue. The of old man I come out of the old man house and run down the road to the telephone ring John and paulkey and James and I went up the road to the old man house and Paulkey and John and James and John has a gun and we threaten and the old man is bleeding John went to get a doctor and she went ring the hospital and the ambulance come and the old man went sow hospital and the gang went to see the old man he is diving and The boy went home and the old man died A cat run to the door and sat on the mat a dog see the cat and cat see the dog and cat ran qu the mole and he the rhfn of a house and down cimbenr and out of the fear and old man jumth out of the cat and the cat ran love the mat and dog run you to the door the cat run up the way to the house ran in the and and sat on the mat. the cat sat on the mat. A boy of 18 went in the hrmehr and denat lichr the hrmehn and went on lefnr and he dednt not come black and 14 day went bihr the can seen to James Carr has not come dec yeth go the he dug unz sun road london .The Gate house Melton Dear Mr. T. Mr holbrook is a better teacher than you think and I tank your Idea is stupid and I do not like your idea yours sincerely George Green two clowns in a sercus ring playing around with a old cat some drunk water hoses pooting it over each other the crowd laughing at them A saw mill with cows in the back meadow A police car coming along the rod with its satren going and men hemmsering many meet got tin A band playing in a dance hall and young people pncing to it It sounds like anetes get killed 4. JOHN YOUNG page 77 my family them are 6 of us my dad's the oldest my mum's the second oldest. my oldest sister is 22 and marrede with 1 child of 3 mouth .my second sister is 18 and she worked for the mobile blood-transfusion centre she has a flat at Michems corner Tonbury my third sister is 16 and works at the milk coperney Tonbury and shares the flat with my other sister. I live at Elmden on a farm... As I am the youngest season in the family I get picked on for a lot of things here is a E.G. when we are all watching T.V. dad said make a cup of tea mum. mum sees Doris you make a cup of tea. Doris said peggy you make a cup of tea peggy said sylver you make it. sylver said John you make it. So as I am the youngest and have no one younger to pick on so I have to make the tea. People are a funny lot some are nice some are not some will help you some won't bother but there is one I like and that's my mother. macwillaims ran to a brick wall he began to climb it when he got to the top of the guard room then he heard the other guard coming he bull a knife out of his pocket watch he stole from the kitchen he frog it at the guard it dug into his arm and he but he was still strong he pulled out his truncheon and hit macwillaims in the face he fell forward off the roof he fell to the ground head first he hit the ground with an almity thud he broke his head and died The Jordan family were once a happy crowd. The family of six life in a counsel house Just outside london But something whenet wrong. Mother and father were always shouting at each other the people across the street could hear them figthing the children would cry Tommy was the oldest he was 12 he was more grown up that than the others. Jane was 8 she was frightened of her mum and dad jane was 5 and Alan 1 1/2 years. He was two young to to understand he was crying all the time never the less .It happened to me When I was 4 years old I very nearly died .It was one sunday when my 3 older sisters and I were out for a walk I had my photo taken near a brook. I still have the photo. The brook was about 8 feet wide. The water was about 2 feet deep. But then was 6 feet of, wet slimy mud I was the first to cross the bridge it broke and in I went. I slowly sank in the mud my 2 youngest sisters ran home but my oldest sister stopped and saved my life she held my head above water untill my sisters got home and told my parents. then they raced down to the brook dad "have a hell of a Job pulling me out as the mud held me down eventually has got me out and carried me home. my clothes had to be distrod it took seven both to get me clean .in am never alloud to sit up and watch programmes not surtebull for children one night when dad was digging the garden mum had gone out then was a film on TV unfitt for children I sat and watched it it was all murder and killing men were being hung and mother were being shot or stabbed .men had their heads cut in half .My work on a farm I have live on a farm all of, my life I am not boasting but I think I know a fair bit about farming. I know most about cattle and only a little about machinery. Some people say farming is the lowest played and hardest working employment out. I agree with those people. but I would rather work for my living than just sitting in a stuffy old office adding up numbers all day or whatever they do. Give me the open air life. My father is a farm stockman and I hope to take on the same Job when I leave school. I am going to take my apprentiship course when I leave at easter. that means that I go to classes jones a week. I will learn a lot more about farming and if I pull through the course I will be a usfull chap about the farm. till I am taking my course I will be wet 17 shilling less than the boy worker that is not taking the course. But when I am 17 and finished my apprentiship I will get 10% more than the average pay of, a boy my age. Many people asked me why I have chosen farming as my future career .(1) I will be in the open air. (2) I will be doing a different Job every day (3) I am not interested in enthing else. For the last 2 or 3 years I am have been fork on the farm in the holidays. And I can tell the men I have worked with have been good and gave me a few tips. my dad has told quite a lot about farming which I know will help when I like school. So if anybody went an open air life choose FARMING 5. ANN BARLEY page 81 Dear Rose I hope you are alright. I am writing to tell you about my English I have done with Mr David Hollbrook. He is all ways making me write letters or stories. I know English will (one me more good when I leave school. But some thime I get very bored. Mind you I'm not very good at English but I try. Love and Best Wishes Ann Dear Mr Hollbrook I hope you will soon get better and come back to school and teach us Have you marked the Exams papers. I hope this letter will cheer you up. All the class were sorry to hear you had flu. Well soon get better "you sincerely Joan Stall and Ann Barley 3C My family them are eight in my family two boy and four girl . one mum and one dad I have one sister engaged she will not get married yet because she is only 17 years old she has a boy from Melton His name is Michael Coote and he is 19 My dad works on a farm and one of my brother works in a garage and the little one goes to the primary school Bridgebrook one of my sister came to the college and one at the primary. my biggest one works at the Handsome half-hose my brother and sister which goes out to work go at 7 in the morning and come home at 7 at night. My dad lake a good meal when he comes on from the farm and so does my sister and brother like a good meal when the kids get home from school we have a cooked meal and then we watch children's hour My life when I leave school When I leave school I would to work in a bookbinding at Tonbury where all nice boys. I should like to get married when I am 20 and have two children And a nice handsome husband with nice wavy hair and a nice big house I would not like to have argument with my husband and always talk nice to him and he talk nice to me. I should not like a fast boyfriend like some of the girls. I would like one nice and steady. When I have my children I would leave the book binding and look after the children. I would marry a man who likes children not a man that have children. I should like twins two of each or one of each. I should like to get married in a white gown and carry a prayer-book have two big bridesmaids and two little bridesmaids and one pageboy. I would like to dress my children in the same colour colhes I should like a boyfriend with a car so that we cane go out for ride. I like to go on holiday to the seaside and a honeymoon Touring all round the place. The End. Poem 1 One two three four As I am counting up the shore Of course the shore is at the sea One two four three .Two large birds Sat on a fence And they heard They were dance TWO PEOPLE chartors Jean Joyce SCENE I Two teenager girls at the top of the village when a boy comes along and mask them for a date at seven O'clock. The boy's name is John seagull. The two girls are mucking about on the top road. The boy was going by on a motor bike. He stops and leans his motor bike by the shelter wall and said "Why was you playing on the road haven't you got a boyfriend" (he said it to Joyce because she was the prettiest ) and Joyce said "No I haven't got a boyfriend boyfriend" The boy said "oh" Do you want to come out with me because I haven't got a girl friend," this was about 3. 30 one Sunday afternoon. in the winter. The boy said "shall we go for a walk. Joyce still hadn't anwerd his question. So he mask (he again. So Joyce said I would like to. Now I will have something to do in the evening. Joyce said I am glad I am going out with you because it was boring sitting at home in the evening doing nothing. Jean already had a boyfriend she was waiting for her boyfriend to come he has a car. Joyce said wear "come Roy Jean. John said. " whos evers Roy Joyce said that is jean's boyfriend. They never did go for a walk. Joyce said shall we go home John said "if you like and so they went home Joyce said to Jean see you tonight." cheere ho for now. Joyce has no brothers or sisters. joyce parents said who evers this with Joyce. Joyce introduced John to her presents they said glad to meet you. John said shall we go to the picture .Joyce said yes can Roy and Jean come if you want so Joyce and John talk down the road to jean's house. "the asked Jean and she said yes please. So Roy said shall we go in the car. So they said if you like "John said I will pay for you to go to the pictures. roy, said "What time are we going. John. said well the pictures starts at 6.30 and ends at 10.30 so if we go about 6. o'clock that will be alright. They had then tea and when it was time to go they said cheeroh went be late. They got to the pictures they got out of the car and went through the picture door they paid then man: they sat down and the film started. They put where arms around each other and John said will you kiss. Joyce said if you like. it was the end of the film they just walked out and to into the car. Jean said what did you think of the film you two. they said it wasn't too bad what did you think of it. Jean said. "I really enjoyed my shelf .They step outside joyce house. John went and had some supper. And then he went home. Joyce kissed him Goodnight and he kissed her Goodnight. and then he went on his motor-bikes .When he got home he told his Mother and father that he had a beautiful girlfriend So where said "you will have to bring her to show us. Joyce said alright. I will bring her tomorrow. So John told her the next tonight and Joyce said I would love to meet your parents. So they went move "john House. John introduced Joyce to her Mother John Mother said Glad to Meet you and then his father he said the same. they started to talk and and decide to get engaged and married the spicil is March 4th 1961. and then engagement is Dec 25th 1960. On Christmas day. where engagement soon came. They are engaged now. Many People gave them wedding presents John kept the present at his house. but he got to many that Joyce had to go keep some of them because John had no more room. The day came and for them wedding John arrived first and then Joyce when Joyce got up to John they both talk up to the steps. The wedding is over they had then photos. taken and they went to the hall and had then party. And the People all said Congratulations to you two they both said Thank you. They decided to have two children .The End. Pop star My best pop singers are Cliff Richard and Adam Faith and Mark Wryer. The song I like Cliff to sing is Falling in love and adam best song is went do you want if you down want money and I have not heard Mark sing yet The best group are the Beverly sisters and the Everly Brothers Cliff and Adam and Mark are not married. I don't know about the beverley sister and Everly brothers I "no two of the beverley sisters are married the tallest beverley sister is married to Billy Wright the football player. But I don't know who the other is married to .As I looked at this picture it made me think the people were truck .The people throw the thanks on the floor. The woman put the baby in the chair in the corner so that they can have a sleep. They opened the window to let the fresh air in. This picture "we painted in the olden days. It was dark in the house but not outside .It looks to me as if it was raining. The dog is licking up the scraps. The bird is up in his cage wondering what is happing .Look at the old fashion shoes. then socks come up to the top of them legs like long grandpa's pants. One of the children are playing with the fire. When a woman looks in her Pram One day a young woman went down the street to do her shopping. She went into the shop to order her weekly meat of course she left her baby outside the shop. Her baby was still sitting her its pram but the little baby was crying. the little baby could not talk much he could say little words. she's Mum said to him "Now what are you crying for My little baby "he keep on "Man Man," he meant that Man which were going down the road at first she could not understand him you see this man had a black baby in a blue pram And a woman came over the road i said "you better watch where you leave "you baby misses." the baby's mother's said "why" so the other lady" said "because you know that old man which has Just gone down the road well he tried to take your little baby out of its pram. So she said "thank you very much for telling me and said "goodbye So the lady talk on with her baby. This time she went into the baker's to get some bread. The old man with the baby was outside the fishmonger which was just aside the baker's. The Lady went in and while she was in the man changed baby's .So he had the white one and she had the black one of course he ran away no one saw him. She came out of the Baker's and looked in her pram a saw the baby asleep. She went home ? while the baby was asleep she done some jobs. When she had done her jobs she said to herself "the baby's is having a long sleep. I go and see if he is still asleep. She opened the gown and she saw a black baby sitting in her pram she shouted. after she had shouted she put on her coat and went and shone the police. The police said they would be here in a very few minutes .As soon as she had a knock on the door she said "Come in," it was the policemen. The police said "What can we do for you Miss. So she said "This is not my baby I had a white one so the police said when did you first find out she said just a minute ago. Just before before I phoned you. One of the police said "did you leave it outside a shop and she said "yes while I went in the baker's .(she was crying) The other policeman said. "tell us the whole story" So she told them to sit down and asked them if they wanted a cup of tea they said yes. So she put on the kettle and then sat down and told them the story about her baby. And the police said they would try and find her own baby. The very long days went by and still they couldn't find the baby but afterawhile the police heard a little about the baby. The woman was very upset. And one day the two polce men came to her house holding a white baby. So the woman grub the baby and said thank you very much for finding him. I will give you #5 pounds reward. the policemen took the #5 ponud and shared it. And the old woman lived happy ever after and all ways took her own baby were ever she went. The end. Once upon a time she were a girl who wanted to get married but her parents wouldn't let her not untill she were 20 or 21. She had a boyfriend and so did he want to get married. she's parents said if the girl's folk agree you can .The big day came she was a bit nervous. She got up to the church and walked in with her father and stood up the altar with her boyfriend .She were still nervous and so was he his knees were hitting together. churching were over She walked up to the door with her husband .there were all tins and shoes fired on the back of the car and JUST MARRIED wrote on the window with lipstick. All the people went back into the room and started clearing up .they enjoyed living by they self .one day they had a serious talk thinking about having a family of them own. One day it happen she was pregnant So when she told him he was pleased he said I am pleased you are having a baby. So they went to them parents and told them the news .he was a bonny boy  they were both fond of him. After that she had two more and when they all grew up they all had family, of their own .6. WILLIAM GLEBE page 90 AN APPLE It comes off of a tree when you pick it is rosy red and before you eat it makes your mouth water it even makes your mouth water when you hear the name gascoyne's scarlet. when you go scrumping and when you get caught it is worth taking the chance of getting some gascoyne's scarlet apples. when you go scrumping you have got to be carefull you don't get caught if you do get caught the man will be waiting for you next time you go to get some more gascoyne scarlet apples. when I go scrumping all I go after is apples and plums pears. when you go pinching apply you do not want to take two many people or you will not get away so quick when there are a lot of people with you a specally little boys they make too much noise. If you pick apples off of the ground you have to be careful of the wasps or else they will sting you and the sting comes up to a big bump where ever it stings you. when you are by yourself and someone comes and you have to climb over the barn wire and get caught the man will probably catch you but if someone else is with you they can unhook you. some people when she catch you they might hit you and "said he will hit you harder next time he catches you. But some people say they will hit you next time but warn you not to come in the orchard again But the children could not resist getting some more apples to eat. It is best getting apples from an orchard where there are no houses. when I go scrumping I do not take bikes because the man who owns the orchard might come along and take the bikes and if you want your bike you have to go and ask for it and that is how the owner of the orchard knows that you were in the orchard. I never take a dark jacket or a red one because you will be reconnised very easy because red shows up very easy. But still it is worth getting some gascoyne's scarlet apples. The Fox The fox is a sly old beast He sits in his den cleaning and waiting To make another savage attack He walks the field to the farm The smell of chickens in the passing breeze. he's gone to collect his meal. He makes a leap. Chickens cackle as the fox collects his meal. WINTER When the snow lay round about The robins come out to seek crumbs Their feet are numb But the snow still lies round about. A tree is a place for song That's where birds sing their sweet song. The leaves have gone. It will not be long before the tree has gone. stranded on a Desert Island One midsummer's day at 9.30 a.m. a ship was wrecked by a coral reef so people jumped overboard. People who could not swim did not know it was a case of life or death The ship was sinking fast but some still hung on. the shore was only about a mile away so some began to swim to the shore. Getting food from the ship was impossible but some people on the ship could get down to the store room and get some diving outfits .So one man volunteered to swim out to the ship and go down to the store room. their were dead body. on the deck within 20 minutes of the shipwreck .their were 1 or 2 live people on board but he was frightened to go on the island. The man who swam from the island went down to the store room. He held his breath as he went down below the surface of the water. As he open the store room door the water gushed in very quickly. So he had to feel for the diving suits. He brought as many as he could find to the surface and that was only 5. He got up in the crows nest and waved to the people on the island so they sent two men to help him. When they arrived they all put their diving suits on she went down to get some food. luckily enough it was mostly tie food. They brought quite a lot up for the people on the island. When looking around the deck they saw a lifeboat but it had a little hole in one side but they thought it would be good enough take the food to the island in. They all had one tin of something each. They all ate this just like pigs feeding out of a trough. After they had their tin of food to eat people were still hungry so they started looking for coconuts. They all decided that there would only be two meals a day. most of them agreed but of course there were some who protested. There was about 35 on the island but people who use't to get coconuts usually got lost or got bitten by a snake. They had shortened (one from 35 to 15. They kept near the coast so they could go in the sea if they wanted to. And they could also catch fish to eat. After several weeks ships had seen them waving but took no notice of them In september food was running short so they will animals and drank fresh water from springs. they found here and there. they found coconuts while hunting for animals. They took the coconuts down to the shore and drained the milk out and ate the rest of the inside. They caught quite a few tigers in traps which are holes dug in the ground and sticks laide across with grass on top of them. At night they slept all together under coconut trees. They were not surprised to see somebody dead in the morning. One morning in december a ship was going across the sea to England they waved and waved again. Then the ship began to turn and was coming to fetch them they were all delighted. As soon mass they arrived on board the sailors told them to report to the captain's office. They all too pleased to be on board a ship again the captain said how did you get on that island they replied we were shipwrecked in June and we have been there since. They arrived in England 2 days later and how glad they were to be back in England again. THE END 7. WALTER PERKINS page 94 When evening is dark And I am alone My father's at work And my mother's at Home I sit in my room Just reading a book My HAT on the bed And my come on the shock When TV is over and it's time for bed I pull over the covers And lay down my head. I have a girl Small and dark WE SIT IN THE garden AND LAY IN THE PARK. The cheer A cheer prowls around in the thick undergrowth of the jungel .Birds clatter where wings and fly away to escape from the jungel cat. munces swing from tree to tree. A litel way away the lions are gathering together. the cheer horse  something forls to the ground the cheer has court its prey .Sudden earth One Saturday morning when I was having my brecfast a lady came and told me that her little boy had been playing with a dog and the dog had bitten part of the boy's ear off. I got my little black bag and followed her. She told me that she lived in hong kong street at number 32. she stuck me to the river and we went on a houseboat .I short it was a bit quere then. In the houseboat there were fire men one sitting on a where  one standing at the fore end of the boat another standing at the door where I entered and the other laying quite still on a bunk. The man at the door said that's what you are here for. To see that he lives and to take the bolot out of him. I told him I did not have the proper aquitment for the job. He told me to write down on a pese of paper got I would nede .Not long after one of the men came back with the things I started at won. to try and save his life when I had got the bulete out there was nothing to do but what and see got hapends  outside there was a sound of sirens at that moment the three other men came rushing in I rushed for the gun one of them had he fired but it must me then he fired again that shot must me two but the man laying on the bunk stopped the bullet the police came rushing in and stuck the men and body to prison  the man laying on the bunk was dead that second bullet had killed him suddenel .THE END 8. ROGER SCOTT page 97 I do not like school ? is horrible I have was the can because of one of the teaches got me the can for on a bicycle ...Dear Sir I don't like this school because when something is done wrong we get the blame for it. So it about time something was done. There are five of us in my family counting my mother and father .my father works at Concreteville as a electrician he has a firm of his own Six men work for him. I like my mother and father but I get a clout on the ear some time .but he is all right. he got me a new Italian suit on Saturday and my Mum got a her of trousers on Saturday .The Bat The bats tie by night i sleep by day they hold on to the branches by their little free .or in the caves and hold on to the rocks. Bats cannot see but they can hear the bats eat flies and insects. The Sick Sow My name is James Brown I have some pigs on my farm and Six bullocks sixty one cows; One day one of my show went sick I did not to got was the matter with her feet was solued and her mouth was sat  I called the vet to look at her he said her has got footandmouth  All the sow pigs bullocks and cows had to be kim in the airaear of 15 miles all of the market had to be stopped  artair 16 weeks their had not mine aner outdrak of footanmouth the markets was open I went to the market and got some pigs and bullocks the money I lost when my animals her kim I got it back by selling the pigs the money I got for the pigs I got some more bullocks and sold "the form lot I got and got me a castels lorry. One year later. One year later I got me a wife I said to my wife I have got a nuff money to build a slaughthouse I armed the cousall if I cold have some land to killed a slaughthouse on the counsall replied saying that I cold  so I road to one of the biggest billding ferman and armed if they would built me a slaughthouse  they replied saying that they would billed me a New slaughthouse  20 years later I had nuff money to retier on so I gave the farm and the slaughthouse and all of the animl  to my son. My wife said that she would like to go around the world. We left England to go to france then to all of the mine part of the world. The End. Gut Boy My name is Roger Scott I work in a Slaughterhouse in Bridgebrook I am the gut boy. I work on Saturday and Sunday morning. The first thing I have to do is to make the tea for the men. On Saturday morning we have bullocks to kill first after we have finished the Bullocks the men go and have their lunch and we have to clean up and empty the gut truck and then go and have my lunch and a fag. I go back down to the Slaughterhouse after my lunch and nose the pigs up. by then their would be a gut on the table. I would do the gut and get a tin inside to run the guts into. Then hunt the pluck up on the hook and that goes on all Day. until they let the hot water out of the tub all of the hair goes into my truck by the time the tub is empty and has been clean I have finished the guts. all I have to do is to empty the hair and guts and out to the truck and then go home. The end. 9. JAMES CARR page 101 The Little Mother One day a Girl of 14 fell in love with a boy of 15. The girl Mary and the body name was jane .came had been going out with Mary for time then one of his frens told him that she was a prostut .They were going the next night jane telephoned Mary and told her he would not be sea her again Mary send come tonight and I will make it up to you. So jane all right then I will see you at the your place at 70 pm. they met on a common and Mary gave jane a durxer and then are have a sexual intercors they set good-by .3 months later Mary dicuverd that she was pregnet 6 months clatter she had a baby boy THE END smoking in the houses One night in bed I had a puff oil reading literature and lsning to hear if the stairs would creak so I was not court indiscreet not a sound I could hear still the door was open as quick a flash the fag was in bed But my mum's got a bludy good not The M.1 to English To English on the M.1. Walk through the English book English as simpl as ABC Crazy mixed up English English in a nutshell The other. rung One night the cat working in the mill says a moues feeding on corn. The cat scill filly crept up behind a sack and all of a sudden his musirls are tins he spring and a little quick from the mouse I heard as the cat's clors sunk deep into the mouse the cat quily ate it and then curled up on a sack to ship .Which Way One day a Youth got put on Probation for a year for stealing a box of oranges in Covent Garden. His name is Bob. He is 17 years old. He had fun 9 months of his year. Then Bob straghted to get friendly with a man called jane .jane was about 30 years old he had been in prisern 3 times for house braking  stealing cars and pick poketin .came said to Bob will you do a job for me. What is it I have to do. take a lorry four Melton to Clare. all right I will do it. "When do you want me to pick up the lorry." " On Sunday night on the market hill it will be a B.M.C. Austin 10 tonner coloured red it will be loaded and covered up. The keys will be in the cab. It must in Clare 4 a m on Monday morning on the market Place a car will be whating there to take you back to Melton. Bob decided to go it. on Sunday night Bob went to the market hill and sick up the lorry .He knew how to drive it becaues he had drivers one befor .He was about 5 miles out of Melton and he began to think to himself "I wind white is on this lorry James seemed `very suspicious. short Bob. I wind white is on it. I will have a look when I get to a layby .he comes to a layby and pulled in and had a look at the load it was stolen whiskey Bob did not know what to do he climb in the cab and sat and thought to himself I wonder what to do shot I tell the police or shot I keep quiet .He dicider to tell the police so he scared on to a little village near Clare he saw a police car coming done the road it step the policeman wound down the window "You have not seen a man with a lot of whiskey on a austin Ten goner had you." Bob said " I am glad you step becaues I am driving the lorry the lorry is round the corner I step here becaues I was going to tell the police if you follow me you can catch the gang" The policeman said " lead the way." Bob nipped round the croner and got the lorry Bob and the police car proceeded to Clare. By this time it was harfparst three in the morning they got to the market place there was no one about so Bob put the lorry in a corner. meanwhile the Police got in position. At 4 am came and his friends came. jane got out the car and walked over top Bob "good morning Bob" said jane "Good morning" said Bob then jane said "You got the lorry here" "Yes" said Bob jane was going to give Bob a #100 so jane told him but it was a lay .came intended to double cross Bob jane gets a wad of #1 nuts out of his pocket he handed the money to Bob. Bob was just going to take the money and jane dropped it. Bob bent down to pick it up. that's what jane was waiting for he hit Bob on the head and knokt him out. James and his friends pack him up and put him in the car. The police realise that James had found out that Bob told them about James and the goner .came and his friend drove if in their car with Bob playing in a heap in the floor of the car. The police had got James car number and they were hot on the trail of them. Bob was just coming to he pull himself up and looked out of the back window he could see the police car behind. James had not seen the police car behind they pulled up at a house they took Bob in the house. The police step near the house two policemen went round the back and knew on the door when the policemen knew at the door James and his friends book out back windows Then the police went in the front door jane was "come down the stars the polic caught came and his friends  they all `go 10 years for robbery. Bob had a lump on his head for a week but he got 50# reward. The End. Caught red handed One day Tom an old tramp was walking up a hill it was getting dark and it was very cold. It must have been frizing hid for there was icicles hanging four gutter of houses  the snowe on ground was crisp as he mark through the village. Tom sort a light coming four a farmhouse it did not look far. Old Tom jumped a ditch and mark towards the light he arrived at farm. He could see a brain he went in and in corner there was a heap of straw in another there was a heap of potatoes and he could see a rabbit locker .He mark over to it there was rabbit in it but he could not see how many there was. He went back to the storm lay down and went to sleep. Next morning he was up at 4 am it was dark then he thought he had better go before the farmer got but he did not go empty bang he took two of the farmer's rabbit and mum potatoes in a bag. He marked about a mile. Old tom's legs began to jack so he stopped he was in a bus field most of them were picked it was just wet light. Tom got the two rabbits and potatoes down. He sat down and that to himself how can I light a fire he book round the field and he saw to his delight a hide made from bale he walked over to them there was comes strikes and a tin the tin had some diesel in it. Tom did not lot any time in making a fire he got an old tin out of the her and put it the fire he put some snow in it picked 3 or 4 brussels and got 2 of potatoes and put in the tin with his brusls and the rabbit were also cooked on the fire. Tom injoid his food that night he went back for some more. He did not know the firm was waiting for him. He went in the barn and shut the door the firm was on the loft. " Stop thief " said the firm Tom said alright right don't shoot" the firm aimed down Tom said "I only want to sleep in here" firm said "have you been here befor " Tom said "no I have not" firm said to Tom well you get out and if I see you on my grew again I will blow your head if " so Tom marked out of the brain and back to the hide in the brust field next day he moved on into the next. 10. JACK O'MALLEY page 106 In my family we have 8 children starting from the Oldest Robert Stephen Peter Jack Leon Dilys Derek and John. three of them go to work and the rest go to school .I like my family but I do not like Robert he keeps hitting my brothers... HE DIED SLOWLY ton day a man and his wife was going for a holiday to America. Their names were mary and Paul. when they got to america. paul bought a car they lived in a flat in California. at night paul said I am going out for a ride in the car and when paul was going down a very steep hill he could not pull up his breaks  he was going 95 m.p.h .and at the bottom of the hill was a car going across the road and just at the bottom paul hit the other car his car was in flames and paul was thrown through the door and he landed in a field. Paul was took away in the ambulance with very bad injurys on his head. In the ambulance paul was diving slowly. the doctor gave him morphine and tried every he could to save his life. But when he got to the hospital he was dead .after a while Mary got over the shock .RUNAWAY BOY .Bill bus his gun on a nail on the table the nail was near the trigger and Bill jogged the gun and it went off in his stomach he fell to the ground ... THE KILLER One day a man and his wife went for a holiday to Greece and he did not like his wife very much and wanted to get red of her .he told her go and order some tea and When she had gone peter picked up an iron candlestick and said to himself I am going to kill her. IN sow minutes she was Back as jane came in the door he hit her on the Back of the head she fell to the ground. then he looked at her and she was dead THE SON WHO SHOT HIS FATHER It happened in 1949 when a man's son aged 14 shot his father In the Back because he would not give him any tea so he got the gun from the cobard and loaded it he called his dad in and pointed the gun at him his father said what are you doing with that gun I am going to shoot you why he said because you would not give me any tea turn round please don't he said again John said turn round so the father turned round and John shot him in the back. the nabour next door geared the shot and ran round to the house she john's father on the floor with blood coming the his back .DIMMOX THE OLD MAN Dimmox the old man was walking down the road one day and when three boys came out from the hedge and hit him in the face with a apple then they ran away Dimmox lay on the ground with blood coming from his nose. Then Dimmox went home and sat on the chair and wiped the blood from his eyes then he went back down the road saw the three boys which hit him they were bend in down Dimmox got a stick and hit the three boys on the behind and made them run away crying third eyes Dimmox said i've got my own back on you at last. SUDDEN Death One day a man and his wife were going to america for a holiday. where names are peter and jane. they were going to america for two weeks. When they got there peter and jane went to a garage to buy a car. they got a big red yanky car. then they went on to have a look round new York. when they had done that peter and jane went to find a hotel. they got the hotel and were all fixed in just right. peter said to Jane how about me and you going to the pictures tonight .orrigh darling we will go. so when night came they went to the pictures .the cinema was four miles from where hotel as they were going along a straight road Jane said let us see how fast our new car can go orright dear i'll see if I can get a ton and was doing ninety five the steering locked. the car went straight threw a brick wall and turned over four times in the road then it went on fire. there was no hope of peter and Jane coming out of the car alive. when the people heard the bang they came running out to see what they could do but it was two late for anything to be done they were both dead. peter's left leg was missing and Jane was burned all over. a man rang for the police and ambulance when they came the crowd was told to go home and don't worry about the crash. the next where parents was told of where sudden death. then they flew the body. over she england to be bered there near where parent's home two two days after the funrel top place peter's mother landed over the grave of there son the cofens were put one on top of the other in the grave peter mother had to be carried away by there other son and husband who were both crying with hertbreake jane's mother was unable to atened the funeral because she was ill after she had here" the shock. after the funeral they all went home weeping .it was three weeks when peter and jane got married and as they were going on honeymoon peter's dad said for a joke don't kill yourself after six weeks had gone they still keep on taking about where dauter and son. and not long after that peter's mother died with heart attack  so then peter's family was the lonlest family in the world peter's dad tried to stop him from crying but it was no use. now they were dead and nothing could be done at all. peter father took his son for a holiday to itlay .then they soon got over the shock but it took a long while peter's father never went near a car since the death of his son and daughter in law. THE END 11. TOM SULLIVAN page 111 My family There are Eight of us in my family counting my mother and father .I have two sisters one Janet one Edna. Three brothers Terry stuart and goes .I think my family is awful because I get blamed for nely everything if one of my brothers hit any own else I get all the blame. I got a bag nearly fun and then I door a man with a gun coming across the meadow after me I put my bag over my shoulder and run the old man come after me he said stop or else I will blow your head right off. I said shut your gob and I took two apples out of my bag and through them at him one hit him in the guts and hit him on the bonce he fell top the ground and lay there and I said to myself that's a good Job now I can eat my apples. LEAVING SCHOOL When I lead school I am going to work up the petrol pumps at Mr Sturgess's at Mording. I work up there at weekend and in the holidays. I like working up there because I meet all kinds of people. They have a farm attached to it they keep a few pigs up the farm and a few down the road in a meadow. They have a tractor and a trailer. them are two brothers Frank and John. John is my boss. Frank has four cars two which go and two which do not go. John owns the tractor and trailer and all the pigs and a cattle lorry and Frank owns one bullock one cow and one effer .THE FARM When I go up the farm on saturday morning I go down the yard and start up the tractor and back the trailer on and go up the yard then clean the pigs out with John then the lorry. Then we go back down the yard and unload the dung. Then I started the tractor up again  and went out on top the field .Then we an cafferd some manggles  and loaded them up we got three loaded before dinner from about 11.30 until about 1. o'clock .When we come back from dinner we started the tractor up again and went for another load we got four more loaded before tea the last one we `go stuck with. But we soon got out of wheat when John put some bricks under the wheels This is the tractor watch I drive at weekends  and in the holidays. You have to start it by a handle and you have to turn the petrol on and when you get it going you have to let it warm up first and then turn it on to T.V.O. Then away you go. It is a low bird tractor it has three fond girse and 1 reverse .It has four silinders and a high drollit lift. the many fold has burnt out so smoke and flames and sparks fly out of the bottom of it. if you fill the radiator up with water it will last for 10 minutes because it has a hole in the bottom of it as big round as a sixpence. The Sick Sow. Last week I went up the farm and Bill told me that he had just bought a black and white sow. He said it fed all right for the first three days but now she won't feed a tall .So I said let me come and look at there  so we went and had a look at there  and she was lame on the there right front leg. I said to Bill no wonder she dug not feed very well she is lame on her front leg. Bill said she will not feed a tool  well let me see the kind of grub you give there then. So Bill showed me I said don't you give the old well any drain no said bill well their you are that is your trouble then I said. You give her some drain tonight and then see if she will eat it. Well I could give were some now couldn't I yes if you wish Look at that see she will eat it now yes "thank John that's all right mate. She is in pig in'sen't she Bill yes, she would have them on the 24th June. Well I "no one thing what you don't to do. What is that John you don't to clean there out and put there plenty of straw in the place where she sleeps and out in the yard. The Old Bull One day I went round old man jones's farm and he and some of his workmen had got the bull out in the yard. As I went in the gate the old bull started to turn on me so old man Jones said get behind that old cart Joe. About 4 or 5 minutes after I came out from behind the cart. They had got the old bull back in the shed. Then he asked me if I would help him bring daisy the old cow up to go with the old bull because he thinks that she ought to have a nothing calf. So he put were in with old Toogey the bull he got on there back and we let him stay with there fire about half of an hour. About four to five month after she had been with the old bull she had a calf it was a bull calf. When it was about ten weeks old when we sold it it made #15.10s.6d. Then the time came for the old bull to be sold he was so old and fat for the old cows. So we took him down tonbury market and he made #85.10/6d alive he wide one and a half tons. 1. A brown study means when someone is in a sort of dream or a sulk. 2. Fighting with your own shadow. 3. The snow which the geese drip on the ground are feathers. 4. To greive like a goose. Poor Bob It is ten years since Bob had his accident he was a bright lad I (she neither forget when I and Bob fell into a river coming home from church on Sunday night we had got our clothes on. The were covers with mud and wet right through when we got home mother and father nicely killed us and then that night when we were all in bed bob saw a lorry come up the road he always liked lorry's and cars he got up without a sound and hurried down stairs and opened the door and ran out into the road in front of the lorry it killed him strate out he was only seventeen years old when he was killed. I am just going to put some moon flowers on his grave are you coming with me. The End. 12. ROSE JAMESON page 117 Audrey was a bit ship she said halloe Rex and Rex said alloe Audrey where shall we sit here is a nice place to sit rigth at the back it is rather dark isinted Rex well you when it to be dark don't you I will shop it will be all rigth because nothing always happens and what is that audrey said fire instance kissing and cuddly Rex slad don't you like it. audrey said I don't mind Rex said will you kiss me now audrey do you want me to. well arigth then. She lent over and gave him a kiss And Rex said how did that feel a it was a lovely feeling Rex will you do it agian .Rex took audre home with him and interdust her to his mother Mum this is audre I am glad to meet you audre .audre said I am glad to be you Mrs Harison Mr. Harison said what was the pictuou lie of it was cold the five thieves I sick the bit where the olddis man fell down the drian said Rex audre said how wastent it funny when the man took the money. he gave it to another man who he thorugh was his friend and it was The policeman in his Sunday beets suit of that was funny. and Mrs. Harrison said that will be enough for to nigth Audrey and now I never quite got your name .On day in the autunm pick an apple and smell it and what a lovely smell it has. But when you pick it it might have a bit of fungus you migth find a bit of spur with the leaves still on or you migth see ? earwig just coming out of it but that doesn't mind just flick it if when you whont to eat just give it a shine and dig your theeat in it and you say what a lovely fast it has very juicy and you feel a sort of tingle what back you feel so joy .Poem 3 Light light I see light On the fair They have light And in my house I have a lot of light I hope you don't have candles Because I hate candles Candles drop their wax And burn you If you get your hand in the way Poem 5 When I think I think I always know it will come true I lay in bed thinking all night Until I fall asleep I dream of wondoful things That will come true Oh why do we have dreams And think all the time Oh why. I think I will go to bed I don't feel very well. don't stay up their very long will you I hope you are coming out with us. tonigth it just depends how I feel donsent matter you needent come if you don't want to Jean. now thank you I think I come now you said that. Sorry what did I say. ? was the way you said it. I so sorry to upset you I sopose it all right. Well we better get redex to go out to nigth you will need your coats and gloves it is very cold My Family In my family there are 5 we must to have 6 but my mother died she died about 3 month ago died of her brain shrivelling up she could if died when she was a little girl but she had all of us if she would if lived she would have been blind deaf and doum and paralysed sone theme times my father cry, I don't like him crying it got on my serve when I doing the work my little brother is a nousant he weep on hitting me and kiging me when he canth get his own way but is a nice boy reley and his name is steven thomas christopher. One day I went to a party they had nice things but I did not like some of the girls they hidden like me some of them but I just sat there watching them play games until someone mask me to join in then I felt a bit better then The girl were beginning to like me and in every game they mask me to joine in. When Jennifer was a little girl it was toys toys toys but now she is a big girl it is boys boys boys .Apply it in little dots on the cheeks and blend in carefully otherwise it would look alfull  if you don't put in on properly and people will start to tock and I feel you that isant very nice. So I advise you to get the book about macke up because it teset you how to make your skin lovyley .One day a lady book out of the window it was very cold and wheat .She saw the milk and broug it in and on the stepe was a little baby oh a baby. I wonder shows it is i'll take it to the police I feed it first because it mate be hungry are you poor thing don't cry you poor thing I wonder what it lake ? give it some milk and see if it will stop crying I wonder what my husband will say when he gets home .One day I was walking down the sterret their was a little mole I pack it up and took it home it had caught if leg in a cat and broken it it got better in a few weeks time but I set it free after a few days. It came back I built it a hedge with a lot of mud and grass. It liked that place very much I tried to find anther mole I feed one it was quite big I did not know whether it was a male or a female but put them together they did "no figth after a few mouth she has some baby's fire little ones they were very sweet and they neve wanted to leave me and hedge I built for them I gave them worms and water and a few bred crumes it never heat very much at all they five nicely in their little hedge uatill they all died of old age .I am writing a story about what I do in the summer holiday when it is hot I go swimming and when it listen so hot I go to find some wild insexs last year I had some frogsporn .I have some every year and only a few day .a is quite hid to find a place for I keep my frog sport under nethe the tank where I it is very cool it thank about 3 month to get fast first they get long then they grow their fine and after a few weeks they get bigger and bigger. but last year their whan't very mean eggs around I went to the moat past there whernt any there so I went down the lane but were the with. bridge there was only about 50 eggs. I got down and picked them up with my hands and put them in a big gave with some sea weed they must have a large tin or a larg gave not a small thing otherwise when the tadpoles grown they have not much room to move I use a big paint tin to put my frog sport in and when they get to be frogs and at the end of my garden their is a stream I climb down the back and tape the frogs in the water and you can just wish them swim away. ? is best to tiper the from away when they just look their tail then you know where will live and just one other thing you must keep them clean (and where sea weed every week and they will like a bit of rough meat to chew and that will keep them alive. as I read my letter on a cool afternoon with the window open a sort of breeze swaling round my neck gives me a sort of an refection I still keep on reading my letter untill I came to the end then I keeps on tearing down in the taller untill someone made a noise then I can of a sort of a dream I just stood their looking out of the window the breez started to get stronger untill it did not feel like a breez it became dark I could her the curtains started "the swing in the wind I felt a bit sleepy so I just closed my eyes for a moment and open them again then I felt I was difrent firm other people Once alone a time there was an old lady she was very wicked when the milk man came she did not say thank you she just said get out of here and shut the wait .she was very snooty .` now know I did not' `I know you did' alright I did it then with if I did ? was to get my own bike on you' .`Very sorry I won't do it again' well this thin you can have to biscuits but if you do it again "you be in trobel Oh thank you very much .The wind is very cold The sun is very warm When it is very hot You see people on the shore If you lay on the sand with "you eyes clout you can there people play and work and the rusall of the sea going out and coming in soon the wind coming very fast I feel a shiver on my beau back the sun have to behind the couldes evry on start to go they know where a storm coming up they get all where things together and go I don't mind storms it bacam very windy and cold I put my towe round me and lay very still looking at the coulds but of course I was dreaming .the mistory catsal One day there were two men they were very greedy and slevish "the heard something about a catal .one day in the midal of a big back they disided to explore it. they did not know it had a witch living in it. "the borrowed a rowing boat and sailed right to the middle of the back and when they got were the cartsel they for a sine post sticking up from the water it had beware of this cartal their is a horrid old wiche the men did not worry about the sine post they just went rowing on when they got nearer to the carlsat they saw another sing post which had a skeleton the men were a bit frightened of this they dident know what it meant. they saw fire girls in a boat with a cloak and hood and with a mask on where face. their names were the four spy girls they know how to get in the mistory cartal .the girls did not see the men. they hid round the other side. the men did not see tate they were doing so they crowd round a little bit untill they saw the girls ton had disaperd .the men wonder where she had got the men saw bubbals coming up from the bottom of the back they know where one of the girls were hare the bottom of the back trying to find the way in the men made a plan. to try and get their befor the girl get their one of the men said they might have a plan how to get into the cartill .I will dive down and see where they get in then when they have gone we cafe go and explore the carsell and and selve their might be some hidon treasure then we will be rich richer then any on the world we can go for a mouth holiday in swizaland we nedent do any work untill we die we can blouse up. the other man said shook they can hear you fill O !shut up your sleve four making as much note as me watch out someone has heard we better get going otherwise theile think somethick fishy arigh then well go The girls never know about the two men "the carried on with their work that night the two men went across the back they note where the hole is they had their swimming were .they did not like that sine post with the skeleton on it book a bit creepy a grait wind rose it started thunder and ligthing the two men were very scared the back was getting very rough the boat started rock and it got very dangerous the men could not swim so they were very frigtend the boat tape `very and the men fell out of the boat and ground so they never got the thresher fore did the 4 spies it was only a rumer going round. but the carsal was a mistory because there was an old lady dead in it the top of the tower She had been dead for 10 years know on "now this thing but the fire spies expord the castle again they all went down in the water this time they weren't afraid of anything .they wanted to see if there was a which living in the mistory castle they went up 3 towel and when they went up the 4 tower their was bats big spider crawling about the girls were a bit frightened they went up the creepy stairs and up the top was a big door with a key on the floor the door was block one of the girls pack then key up and open the door she was the bravest ton she were do anything the door was a bit stive it grete as she open it. It was absolutely horrieyfide to find some on dead on the floor ton of the girl fainted. they went were the old lady and shore it was a which she had all black on and big finger nails nearly as big as a nail and as sharp as a pin She was as white and shrivelled up the girl left her their they locked the door and took the key with them so that no one will distrebe her they never told any on about this they kept the key for a suvenere and a memory of the mistory castle. Sudden Death. About 2 years ago their was a sudden death a lady named Misses john's died of what know one knows .She wish their children's wire that night and her own then she went out to Mr Slad the grouser and rough some fruit for the 4 children then she came bike and fork to Mrs Clarke next door and after will she came in got the children to bed then sat down and read a book called deaf on my Pillow she was laughing at some funny parts. then she decided to go to bed he slef and in the middal of the might she went uncoshers and that morning dad said good morning love and not a sound he said it again but knew replie he got up and moved her about and she never woke up Mr Jones got world and went up to the phone and rang up the doctor but the doctor was out some were so then he shone up the hospital the amberless came and took the to Melton hospital and doctor nickals said she is very ill till have to that her to Tonbury hospital their see what is the matter they just her their and after 2 days "the hadn't had the proper things their so they took her to London hospital Mr Jones then to London with amerless and stayed at London hospital for 3 days then he came home and whated for the bad or good news then on Monday morning at 5 o'clock a lady round them other side of us and came and gave us the bad news that she had died. and everyone very kind they gave us meals and two of children went and stay with some freinds for a week. or two and now Mr Jones is getting married again and that will be better for the children. Caught Redhanded. One day Mrs morgan was going down the shop she went in. The shopkeeper "said good morning Mrs Morgan," how is your little baby getting on". " arigth thank you," "yes and what can I get you" "I don't a lb of butter "and half of mark pleas ."and have you got any Bacon in yet." "the shopkeeper slad yes we got it in this morning " "well I will have half a lb pleas `"Oh what is that note !`" someone has nipped my pram up," and my baby has gone! "O what can I do" "the shopkeeper said I will ring the police up and they will help you "I wonder hot could have tackon her." "That lady up the road has had her baby stolen but they found it dead next morning in a ditch ." "I hope I don't find by their ."The shopkeeper said don't worye they will find the baby don't cry." "Oh I do hope they will find it" `"here come the police now." The policeman mask the lady what happen Mrs Morgan said my baby has been stolen ." will you help me to find her pleas ." The policeman said yes their has been two much of this latley baby's beef stolen ." and "People killed " "We whan't to find the baby as much as you do Mrs morgan we whan't to find the killer who is doing all this." So the police started to search for the baby they put it in the papers. The lady who took the baby saw it in the paper she became a bit worried of this and got very nerves she through the paper down. "This has not happen before" I will go and hide it before they come and look here for it" now crigckey !there's a policeman outside on the pathment what can I do now" I "now I will put it in a barscket of washing and cover it up with dirty clout ." Then he won't know " She just went on ordenrey out of the door. She did not know the police will ask her what have you got in that basket " "I have some dirty washing I am going to thick them to the lordery ." what is that shufarling in that basckek "nothing sir" nothing "let me have a look pleas " "no you can not" " four not going to be what I own no four not" "I can were a baby cry "that is not your baby" "you stowl it." The lady started to run as fast as she could the policeman blew his wiscell the other policemen came and started to run after her She did not get very fire befor the policeman caught up with her she strogald a bit but they card her down and took her to the police stastione she made a a statmeant and she was in jaell for two years for killing baby's .and the lady" why baby was stole got her baby back safely .13. KENNETH PRIME page 137 Beat for the draw ` bank. ' bullet Mr Macdillon its Mac Plester in the HEART Dead staidght away Macdillon fire his gun bank. bank. bank. Doc H he is dead Kitty Macdillon yes Kitty your Brother is Dead. THE END THE END There are 7 of Us there is my mum and my sister there is Peter and Andrew and Alan and myself and my dad .my dad is a elecenician man. Mum dug housee work .I go to the pictures kneeling every night. which way to go to the bank mate. I went in to the bank I give Him a Forged Note. And the bank man said this is a Forged not He said eight Here I will Be Back in 10 mind Sir. He came Back wiht two policemen they took me in a police car I went to prison. A lady is a may best fenird A lady Fat and Thin is a dig best fenird a PLENTY is my best friend. I like Lady nice and Sexy with PLENTY of bad .and not two drip and not two rude. I know a little mouse who said to another little mouse come round the corner I will show you my hole. One day a man kill a woman .and cut Her kidney out and heat them. next day He will a another woman and cut her kidney out and heat them. and made an awful mess. He was called the vampire. He had two horrible teeth 91 Thursday january 9161 a wamon was will and a kidney was missing. it was getting serious. next they find the body was on marshladn and footprints in to swamp My name is Kenneth I work in a facttoer I have a leave coming I went on a motor-cruiser. on the motor cruiser there was shy Frogmen's suits. the captman he the hut got to sea we Put on our suits we went down in to the sea on the bottom. there was a sea-mine I went to the top of the sea I told the catptman I go in the motor-cruiser .he go on to the Radio we told the sea Command. he told the motor disposal throw come to the side of the ship thrar put on the frgmens suits and went down that to the mine thrar cut the chain which hasld the motor floated to the top thrar fired a rifle which hit 1 of the corn his blew up so we sit home. One day a boy "her his mother and Father arguing and he decided to run away .To Aunty and unlce in suothwode .The orphaned Family In the orphaned Family thrar was 6 body .One day the body wet to player in the wood and mad a dener and fiyer then a frameman he had a gun he fired his gun and hiter one of joy The phoned Boy pat i'm up. and went home doc chm and the Boy that was shot was or rit .The head As he passed the on his way home from the Dance he heard a muffled explosion I sir that the door was open I wocer in went dau sosys and for a holler in the saffrery I went over I feed the pelser and they cheer I went home the edd 14. ROBERT SHIRE page 147 One day a boy stood leaning against the cafe door named rex harrison. He had Black hair with Brown eyes with red Jacket Grey trousers with black shoes. He was waiting for Jean smith she is 16 Brown hair brown eyes they went inside the cafe then they talked to each other then Jean said I am going out with another boy but I can get audrey for you Rex said all right. I will tell her to meet you outside the cinema at 6.39. Audrey is a blonde she is 16 they went inside the cinema Jean went in with them when the film was nearly over when Jean went on to see her own boyfreind and left rex and audrey were left alone in the cinema the next 6 months they went to the pictures then they got engaged .after they got engaged .they went to the seaside for the day at Blackpool they got there at eleven o'clock saturday morning they got out of the train. Rex slad should we have dinner in that fish and chips audrey said yes after they had finished where dinner they went down to the amusements they walked down the amusements Rex slad let's have a go on that thing said rex yes said Audrey it was Bingo a game like housey housey Rex got his card and he won a dog Audrey had a go she never won. then they went to catch the bus for home they got home at nine o'clock Rex kissed audrey then they went home in the morning Rex went to work at the television studios Audrey went to work in the cafe when they got home from work the next saturday they got married. The End. The unispected trip across the sea Once upon a time there was a boy named Peter. He went to the harbour he was very tired so he saw a ship he got on board the ship he crept down to where the cargo was kept he got in a comvatable place to sleep. He woke up 6 hours later he got out of the cargo store crept up on Deck and all he could see was the sea the boat had left the harbour and it was due for china. he crept back to the cargo sat wondering what he would do next then he said down and went to sleep again when the men came down to fetch the cargo. They saw the boy they took him for to the captain. Then the captain said to the boy what are you doing wear I run away from home I was very tired. I see this boat so i creeped on board and had a sleep. The captian said I will let you stay aboard the ship as long as you work for your keep. The boy said all right mile work. The captain said go with the men to shift the cargo so he went to the cargo store they lifted all the cargo to another place then they had to scrub the deck when they had finished that they saw china in the distance he wondered what it would be like. The captain said it will be all right you will not go on this ship by next week you will be back home. The boy said I don't want to go home  if I do i will get killed. The police will see that you don't get belted on December 10th they were in england and the boy was home with his parents. The End. The Rat The rat is a dirty creature it digs tunnels under the ground at night it goes in the chicken hut looking for meal and wheat then it goes to sleep. The mouse The mouse is a slimy fellow it's not very big but it squeezes through tiny cracks in wood it's got very sharp teeth and a slimy tail and its little ears prick out of the hole it likes meal. The Mouse The mouse is a little fellow it lives amongst straw and sometimes a pile of bags or in any old heaps of rubbish etc. it makes a run away through rubbish and into meal bins where it eats the meal and soon as anybody comes it jumps out of the meal bins along its runway and back in it nest .The hare came running down the hill With a flash of brown it's down the hill its Big brown ears prick out of the corn resting all day and playing all night with its little fluffy tail dragging behind that crafty old hare playing in the barley The 6.45 came racing down the line with a whistle and hoot it's flying high round the corner 85 miles an hour tearing down the hill but then the fireman shouted jump for it or you'll be a goner because she was a passenger train coming this way the fireman jumped out but the driver never the fireman heard a crash and a bang there was a wreck the driver was dead for he hit his head. The Tramp. The tramp is a funny man He walks all over the place He sleeps under a hedge He has got a pair of baggy socks A pair of trousers with holes in it And a grubby Jacket not worth twopence He eats scraps of meat with a piece of bread Then he goes on his way Like a funny man 15. GERALD GOODCHILD page 151 MY FAMILY There are 6 people in our family I live in Number two Bridgebrook Rd Smallerden Melton my father is a Butcher and I am one to my family is is good them are good people my Village is bump I have two girlfriend at this school My dad is big in strong We have got a Television and 3 bciyle My sister is 5 year old My borther is 9 year old Bill is 13 year old my Dad is 40 year old I mum is 39 year old gran is 69 year old we have to a cat dog and budgerigar they are three bedroom in our house I have to a record play. 2 wirelesses our house is a good house. There is a man book for a job his name is John WIGGLE his hair is Black it eye are Blue he is a big strong man he is walking down the street he is going into the lorry department he has just come out of the lorry department .he book very please he stars work tomorrow .he is going home to tell his wife and kids. morning "come he got up at 5 am he got ready for work he has `go to be there hare 6.30 am and he got to work the boy said to him take something down "the my house and put them in the garage and he went the lot of time with load he `go suspicious and he went to the poicle and they gave him a Reward and the poicle we will go up their to get him and the poicle to him and John became the boy of the load department .The jungle In the jungle there are all kinds of animals. There are snake apes etc. One day a little white boy was with his Mother. And the boy said to his mother can I go for a walk. She said yes but don't go into the jungle. and he yes mother and he was walking along the path and he sea a chimpanzee and he went to play with it. and he was plan with chimpanzee. and suddenly an ape pack him up and carried him away the and the little boy was shot help help and the body mother was getting worried it was getting dark and where Husband came gun and he said where is Gerald I down in he went on for a walk and has not come back oh john I am worried. I will gets a party of men and go and teach for him. and they went to look on the boy and they book evry were they fins him sleeping with the ape and the body father said come on home Gerald and the little said cafe I take ape home Dad and his say in and the little said I ton come home all right then. He lay on the bed in a dream he like cold ice-cream sent he was alive he jump up and down like a machine he white in the face cold in the eyes he lie waiting for his long box wear comes slow as can be they slowly put him in slow slow slow he goes down down deep under the earth THE HEADLESS BOdy One dark night in midwinter There was woman walking down a dark alley and suddenly someone dump (one her she screamed. But it was no good there was not anyone around she fell to the ground she was dead dead as door it was a man that dump on her he was mental. He took her to his house he took her in a dark room witch on the light he cut on her head and arms and legs. He got a big trunk and put the body into the trunk he put the head in the park morning came no one had mass the woman two joy were walking through the park one of the boys ran into the tree senddly he shoot Bob come wear "what want" "come wear quick" "I am "come " " gob and get the police quick" Be Back in a minute" he came Back with the police. the police said it was a murder case a head without a body. HE sent the trunk to Melton station it had no name or nothing it step there for six seek no one came for it so at the station they had a talk and said they would open it. they open it they saw the body with the arm and legs if they all the police the police came the body was naked this must be the body that the head belong to they took it down to the station and had it examined the body they found jack the ripper finger prints on the body so they started to look for Jack the ripper they book and book every were and one day they to a lead and they book for him and they went up to room 19 and the police said Jack this is the police out the door they knock the door down Jack has `go out of the window there he `go calf him man they to him down a back alley he calf not get away their was charge with murder he died in prison 6 fear ago it was 1897. Work at Butcher I work at a Butcher shop in Bridgebrook. I work for Mrs Tate the said it is quite good. I go out on a round saturday I still at school I work two fight a week and all day Saturday I can drive I turn the van round in the yard my mate is stanley he drove the van round. I can cut meat up there are a lot of different meats. There is stick  frying stick  stewing stick  Pudding of  kid lamb chop pork chop etc. My Dad work where do. he is a big hefty man sent I go two fight a week I wash up. Mrs Tate has a abattoir two I have some good friend at the shop there is tommy  Gordon Andrew Gordon has (and Ariel colt Andrew has Ariel Leader. I have to a bluestreak pusbycile I was to to work tonight but we have to a party ? school I will go THursday night we get paid Saturday night. 16. JUDITH WARD page 157 One day at a cafe door stood a very worried young teenager his name was Rex harris he had black hair and was very tall he was lonely every evening because he didn't have a girl to go out with. Then he saw his friend in the distance the name was Jean Smith she was very attractive but she already had a boy so there was no good ever waiting for her when Jean got to the Cafe door she was very surprised to find Rex there and she said my goodness you do look glum today what's the matter said Jean. Well I haven't anything to do of an evening now said Rex" Well never mind come on into the cafe and have a cup of coffee all right said Rex In the Cafe I have a wonderful plan I have a girl friend who you could take out for an evening said Jean well that's just splendid  Jean four a doll "OK OK Rex don't go two far I'll tell her to come with me to the Cafe over the road at Eleven o'clock  so tomorrow that you can meet her said Jean by the way Jean what's her name oh! I nearly forgot to tell you "her name is Audrey Smith and she has blond hair well I'll see you tomorrow at eleven then Jean in the Hall "Well" we're in here now let's go and get a table ah there's one over there said Leon OK let's go and sit down I'll go and get some drinks said Rex After the Drink Well that was good shall we have a dance yes Ok Audrey would you have this first dance with me yes I would be delighted the only thing is I'm not very good at dancing never mind neither am I right shall go see you later Leon OK have a good time "Audrey" I" I" Love you your eyes are like silver and your hair is beautiful yes I Love you two shall we go out on the balcony yes if you like Rex let's go over here "Rex" isn't it a beautiful night with the moon shining as well yes it's beautiful Audrey darling I really love you "I" "love" you too "Rex" darling. Well I think it's time for us to go now Audrey yes I'm getting rather tired I'll take you home Audrey... When I leave School When I leave school I want to be a children's nurse I shall most probably get to London to get a really good Job but I will have to be away from home but my parents said they don't mind me being away from home as long as I like the Job and am very interested in the work of course I will be able to come home for a few days. I am going to leave school at 15 at Easter 1962 and I shall work for two years at least before I think about getting a boy. I want to get married at 20 so that I will have about three years to get engaged and to get to know each other. I and two children one of each or twins. I also want to live in a bungalow I want a man with lovely black or brown wavy hair not much taller than me. I want a man that likes children and takes them out and plays with them. Then we will all be able to go out and enjoy ourselves. I shall stop nursing when I get married after I have had a child then I may do part-time work. I want to get married in white. I want to go abroad for my honeymoon. For the first summer holiday I would like to go to Butlin's holiday camp. For my children I would like a blue and white or Black pram. Stephen asked me if I would like to go so he bought two tickets for him and me and we went in and Pauline and Trevor were sitting in there holding hands. So we went in and they called us over to go and sit with them and we did and when the film started all the lights were put out and it was very dark in there then Stephen was sitting there next to me and Pauline said go on Stephen hold Judith's hand and after a while he did and he didn't let go of it until the film was over. the best boyfriend I ever had .she's father was posted .and so Stephen left. But we still send letters and postcards to each other. So that we still remember each other .One fine morning I got up and went to bring the milk in to make some coffee but at my disaster I found a young baby lying in a basket fast asleep so I grabbed it quick and brought it in it was a baby boy with light hair and blue eyes well of course I would have loved to keep the child but I knew that wouldn't be right so I telephoned the Police and told them everything that had happened and told me to take the baby down to the Police station. So I got ready and set off to the station. Of course I liked the baby and didn't want to give it to the Police. They said that they would put up notices about the baby. They let me look after him until someone owned up. A month later. A month went but nobody owned up and the Police were tired of looking everywhere for the parents that they said I could adopt the baby if I wanted to if not they would put it in a home. I soon got married and talked it over with my husband and he said it was OK with him so in a few dad's time the baby was ours and were'nt we pleased. So we all lived happily ever after. The End. When I am a children's Nurse When I get the Job of a children's nurse I shall be very happy I'm sure There will be lots of other nurses there to help look after the children we have to put the children to bed and get them dressed give them where food and toys to play. I like looking after young children I will be able to get home now and then and see my parents. If one of the children decide that they want to run away then of course we must go and look for them and bring them back. Tick tock slowly Tick tock " That's my dadies big clock And my granny's little clock goes tick tock  tick tock  tick tock. IN THE SUMMER HOLIDAYS. One day about the second week I was going shopping and taking my friend for a walk. When three boys whistled at me and they asked me to come and get a rose which they had put on their lunch bags for me of course I went as red as beetroot but when I came back they called me again so after a while I went and Picked it up I started talking to them every day .Betty went down to the shop to get some groceries for dinner they got 2 lb of potatoes 1 large tin beans and 1/2lb ham and 1 large peaches and 1 large cream which all came to 6/- 10d when they got home the girls cooked the meal .they started out and the sea got deeper but it was lovely the sun was shining like a star glittering at night the sea was calm and bright as we looked ahead at the deep deep sea it was just like a dream which has come true .Because it's night time and dark. Because the wind is wild. Because the two waves are a ring. It's where the sea has washed away The side of the rocks. The front of the boat Where the sea ran up the beach. Because there are trees in way There whispering to each other The sun is hot with wild animals roaming around. The beach is so hot and the sea is calm animals are roaming here and there. A love story in French. JEAN comatalevous ?LEON comatalevous .MUM Jean would you like a sweet. JEAN Yes please ma ma LEON J'aime you JEAN Oh! Leon j'aime you. LEON Jean you beau belle J'aime you. JEAN You are beau belle. LEON Oh! Jean will you marry me missiour JEAN Yes I will senor .the end. My girl I have a girl In love-day street and she's as pretty  as can be She's got a hat that's white and black She's put it on when we go out and she's the prettiest little girl I have ever seen. My work My dad has got me a job for when I leave school I am going to work at Bridgebrook Station as a privait secutery  I will work in an office. I have to be there at 8 o'clock in the morning and I leave off at 5 o'clock in the evening .I will work five days a week from Monday to Friday I have Saturday and Sunday to do what I like. I will work for six pounds a week which is worth it. They ran away to get married In a little country called Lawton was a huge house with seventeen rooms and in it lived mother father maids and four children the eldest was Jenny who was 18 years of age she had 3 other brothers and sisters who were all under the age of 12 Jenny had a boyfriend who like a few yards away from her his name was Johnny he was 20 years of age. Jenny and Johnny wanted to get marreid  they had known each other for 6 years and were very much in love. They had got mostly everything to start with they had a double bed curtains dressing table crockery and lots of other things to start a married home. But three only trouble was that their parents wouldn't give their consent to the marriage. So the two young children decided to run away and get married. So they packed a few clothes and Johnny got two tickets on a train to London they had some money in the bank about #30. So one bright sunny morning they got up about six o'clock and made their way to the station. they were two hours early so stayed on the platform and had some breakfast. Soon they were on the train. Now we needn't worry about anything my darling said Johnny. No we can get a job in London and live in a flat for a few months until we can get a house of our own said Jenny. yes then we can go back home tell our parents the news and get the rest of our things together and come back to London. 2 months pass They got a flat and were now thinking of getting married so they got married in a registry office and after she celebrate until 12 o'clock that night then a week later they got tickets back to Lawton they got home and went and rang on Jenny's doorbell first. the father came to the door and took one look and "slammed!" the door in their faces and shouted out "I don't know where you've been but I don't want you to lay a step inside this house you're an absolute disgrace to our family but dad shouted Jenny I've only come home to tell you the news what's that he "said" I am married that's why I and Johnny ran away we got married in a registry office. so "said" her father Oh !well I wish you the best of luck in your marriage but I do wish you'd told us all because I think you are old enough to be man and wife well my daughter and son in law welcome home. you can live here both of you until you get a decent place of your own thank you dad and thank you sir said Johnny don't call me sir my son you're one of us now so you may as well call me dad I must go and fetch you're parents Johnny and we will celebrate said her father all the family got together and celebrated. and later they got a place of their own and a couple of years later they had twins a boy and a girl and they all lived happily ever after. Down on the beach Sunbathing. Oh Teena my love I love you with all my heart me too they kiss m "m" that lovely he proposes. "darling! will you marry yes Peter but I don't think you'll want to marry me because I'm an orphan so what I'm an orphan too and nothing's going to stop me marrying you .28 Field Path Way Oakwell Nr Melton 21.11.61 Dear Les I hope you are O.K. just a few lines to write about our English lesson with Mr Holbrook in the last 12 months. He has taught us how to write good letters stories and poems. some of the work he has taught us will be of use to us in later years. But some work hasn't taught us a single thing we have to learn a fair bit of English to help us as we get older and out to work. Love and best wishes Judith 17. PAT JOHNSON page 167 he is cowboy he is waggon he is indeed he is pens he is car he is house I am going on holiday on Saturday. I watched TV on Monday we looked at waggon train. Denis and Alec and Keith and I are went for a walk on Sunday. See Auntie Phillis .I have a picture of Clint Eastwood and Robert Horton and Russ Conway .I am going on holiday on Saturday I draw a picture of waggon train and horse and pigs. I watched TV on Saturday we looked at Tenderfoot. some of the low-lying areas however have a naturally high water-table which in the absence of a proper drainage system .I went to work the bedroom. I watched TV on Sunday and Friday on Saturday we looked at Maverick and the song rango and Tenderfoot I have a sitting the knitt .I am very pleased with my photo and the photo of Russ Conway and Robert Horton .When we cannot be with loved ones at the Festive season or for a birthday anniversary or other `Occasion'--we appreciate to the full the joy of a service like interflora which let's us say "merry christmas " or "I wish I could be with you" by a gift of beautiful Fresh flowers sent across the world if need boy !Here's how interflora work you simply give your order to say florist displaying the interflora member (one of 20,000 over the world nearest your delivery dewy-fresh perhaps 10,000 miles away. it way almost as well as you could yourself "I am thinking of you today. Cambridge King' is the product of two plans conceived successively within a few years of each other .The Revolt in hungary "means the beginning of the end of communism," for it "blazed a path while tonner or later other communist countries must follow," After hunger sex is our strongest instinct and greatest problem to ensure the continuation of the species nature decorates the woman with beauty and gave to us males such sensitivity to woman's charms that we can go quite mad in their pursuit .our ancestors played down this sexual impulse. we have stimulated it unwisely with advertisement and display and have armed it with the doctrine that inhibition is dangerous. Yet inhibition - the control of impulse - is the first principl of civilization .The boy is path the bike The man with a pump is wheel down the car The asleep is sitting on the chair The pie is on the cat the table. We are going to have our lip-reading room. One of them is a funny policeman and the other is a boy with a for hat and coat. He lives at Huntigdon and came to Tonbury on the ambulance. Mrs P has just been speaking to Mr. Holbrook on the telephone we thought Mr Holbrook was coming to see us this afternoon but he has just telephone to say she is not a bus to bring him. Mr Holbrook is wearing yellow tie and brown shoes black and white I am wearing a white blouse and grey cardigan. I have black shoes on. `I am very pleased with my photo and with the photo of Robert Horton and Robert Fuller and Ty Hardin and Adam Faith and Frankie Vaughan and Clint Walker'. This encouraged me to try again and I left New York for California - for a few minor parts and eventually the role of Kookie in the television series 77 Sunset Strip. no harm is meant. people are so taken with the characte they cannot believe that off the seven I am neally Edd Byrnes who enyays driving a small sports car and does not have the slightest desire to possess an #8,ooo hot rod or to use vernacular every second word. Luck was with me .I have a picture of Adam Faith and Cliff Richard .Note:-- When you have nearly .I made a camp once with big logs Cover used for protecting plants in the garden all you can you may illustrate your story it was not her Baby there but a black one. to begin a man at the back began to shout. The Roof was made of straw. Hells George I'm just going to london." You need a pump a lever and a puncture outfit .We have not got a bath room but are getting one soon. You will be given made for This. 18. DAPHNE BADLAND page 173 The Blind Date. jones a open a time there was a boy named Rex. He was handsome and he had black hair. but one night he came downstairs .He went to wacth the Television. he got fed up he went out for a walk and he met Jean his friend. He was so sad that Jean asked him was the matter. He said wants a girlfriend. Jean says she will take him to a girl called audrey watson who works at the greenhouse in Melton. So after he had met her he said to her alone what's are you doing tonight and she said she will have to do a job for her manager .he slad well perhaps wet go to the pictures tomorrow and she said yes. will be there to meet you. The next day audrey came to his house. Then they were both ready so they set out to go the picture .When they got to the pictures they saw a lovely picture they say it was a very nice picture but when they came out of the picture. they had an argument. When I leave school I am going to ask my mother and father if I can be a nana .And if I do I am going to look after little children and when I am 15 or 16 I might even get a boyfriend. But not until then I am going to take my dog for a walk when I get him around the village. My mother father and my brother and I are going to mass tonight because it is Holy obligation. I hope we get a bungalow soon because the house what we're in is a dump. We don't like it. I hope we do because a bungalow is better than a cottage. well for one thing it untied anyway it is not ours it belongs to Mr Lyons. every time my father goes in the Bake-house he sneezes every time. It is my birthday on Monday We went out on Saturday and my mother bought me a new pink coat and high heels. To wear and go out in for best. down in the valley where the green grass grows there's little Margaret washing her clothes she grows she grows so sweet and she calls her live one in beryl beryl beryl will you marry me yes sir yes sir half past three ice cake sugar cake all for tea and there'll be a wedding at half past three My family I live in Melton and I am in a cottage and it is horrible we don't like it but still we have to Persevere till we leave. Bernard is ill in bed and the doctor is coming to see him on Wednesday Morning he felt sick on the football ground on Saturday afternoon. Our dog toby has been Excited but it's a very cute dog. I have got a bunk which I sleep in. my brother has a singl bed and my mother and father has one two .we he haven't any cats but we used to do we used to have round about 12 but they all disappeared .I should think we will be leaving some time my Mother will be glad when we do leave this cottage we all do we don't go about the dog it might be different for him because he is used to that but never mind he will get used to that as well. We all want to go where our Relatons but my mother dosnt want to go to Leiston but I do I like it very much. I don't now know about my father and my brother but I know that they would like it. they are six in my family counting the dog and the bird. we have a garden and it has only grass on each side Well on the left of the garden was a hole in the middle and there was mice in it down the bottom of it. Well one of the cats meant to go outside but something happens he sees this hole and he puts his paw into the hole and the mice come up a little and they grabbed the cat. then it tried to get away but it was knew use it was killed then they all came out and then they all were killed. Then there was my mother and father and I came out of the house that night and saw that the cats were in the hole making a noise but we court do anything about it because it was two late. But have got over it. My mother and father have been married for ten years and they have been happy ever since. When they started to meet. They said shall we go to the pictures and my mother said yes we'll do that said my mother it is a very good idea. But sometimes they have a fight they had a fight last night but they made friends again then when we went out last Saturday afternoon they started to have a fight. My father shouted at my mother and that my mother shouted at my father then when my father went to the meeting we went to finish our shopping .When the children went out to play after dinner Linda and I went on the field and sat down for a bit there were Mary Smith and Linda and I Linda said something (and then I went up to her and got on top of her and so we had a little play fight) but we are still friends with each other. we go together every day. I like her to come to Guildwell some day but she said no she can't there if she could she would come and see me and we would have good fun together and go up to the meadow and climb trees Went I went on my holiday I had a very nice time we played on the bikes and went shopping and when my Auntie went to work but when she went work Joan and Derek started to have a quarrel but I did not take no notice of them and carried on what I was doing then Joan said something to me but I did take notice of her and then she said I always started a qurral but when we were friends again. Well on one Saturday when my Uncle decided to go to the pictures with Joan and Derek well when they were in the pictures I was in a room watching Bronco Layne on T.V. it was better than watching the film but I mean that Bronco was very good. Well when they came home that night I was still watching the T.V. and Derek and Joan came in and said that my Uncle was drunk and Joan said that he nearly got run over and all Joan had guard him back to the house where was safe. Well that same night when we were watching Deadline-midnight my Uncle came in and sat on a chair and watched part of the programme and then came up and switched the T.V. if and two us to go to bed we ran upstairs and Derek and I went into my bedroom so we stay in the room and I heard someone coming up the stairs so I went and I peeped outside the door and saw that my Uncle was coming up the stairs so I told Derek so we went round the bed and I got on the bed and went straight down stairs and went into the kitchen and told my Auutie but she said that she can't do anything about it so when he came downstairs again we went upstairs to bed. And when I was in bed I lisinid out for my Uncle because sometimes when he is drunk he comes up to my room door but not always but it stopped me from going to sleep because sometime he gives me the creeps but before then he very nearly hit Derek and I but I don't know what for and then we went to bed and went to sleep but when they all were asleep my uncle got up and came out of the room and went downstairs I don't know what he was up to but still I kept awake a very long time because I wasn't tired so I stayed awake for a while and when he came upstairs and stood outside my door I got a bit scared because I thought he was going to come in my room so I kept so still and quiet and a bit later he went into his own room and got in bed and went to sleep and he woke my Auntie she was awake for a little while and then she was asleep in a knew time and I couldn't go to sleep at all but still I kept awake to listen out for my uncle just in case he came into my room but a bit later on I fell on to sleep and I got nice and warm. Well that's all I can say for now. ROSEMARY I don't suppose you want me any more so I won't come with you any more BERNARD come if it I love you very much ROSEMARY do you really love me BERNARD of course I do then they started to put their arms around each other and then Rosemary kids Bernard. they ran away to get married. jones upon a time there was this man standing by the shore and when all the people came past him Well it all happened when he was very sad he decided to go for a walk until a lonely woman came along. MARY what's the matter with you DAVID Oh it's nothing really it's just that I am very miserable because he had no one to talk to MARY ah you poor thing DAVID will you come with me tonight MARY yes i'd Love to where shall we go DAVID Well we'll go to a Restaurant and have some lunch shall we MARY yes alright that will suit me fins but for the time being shall we go for a walk. DAVID alright then come on MARY shall we go to the Restaurant now because I am getting hungry DAVID alright come then at the Restaurant MARY waiter could we have some lay and some Roast Potatoes Carrots and also chops. DAVID I am enjoying this aren't you. MARY yes it's very nice indeed DAVID what do you want for your afterwards MARY Oh i'll have ice-cream and what will you have DAVID and I'll have steam pudding MARY Waiter could we have one ice-cream and one steam-pudding DAVID Well that was very good wasn't it Mary MARY yes it was I enjoyed it very much DAVID let's go and get married and get a house somewhere but the point is will you marry me Mary I love you very much MARY yes i'd love to pet i'll have to think about it first I have thought about it I will marry you So they got married and lived happily ever after. Jessamine House High Street Guildwell Dear Maureen I thought I had better write and let you know what we do in English with Mr. Hollbrook we write storm love Pat 19. MICHAEL HOLMES page 180 And all the Heavens cried And all the baby's sighed But mamma did not cry She died. and all the baby's cried "Chorus" O Deary O Deary she felt so weary We put her in a box and we sunk her down deep. The village all did weep And the heavens cried " Chorus " O Deary O Deary She felt so weary I never felt more like singing the blues I never that ought I never lose "you love deaf You got me singing the blues The moon and store no longer shine. Racing commentary Come in Lamont over Now we are at Lamont the ferrari are in the feeding Phil hill is load them barham  and Moss are four five Moss is four and barham five if you listen now you will hear barham going thruogth eeeeargghbrooomghrrr going very well now barham He is 15 sec fast then the last lap O !that reap to Moss Wow! I can hair a car miss fireing it is Moss in his cooper he is going into the pits phil hill is going round Gatwick Corner that is a right and left hand corners Phil hill has came down to three gear the car is siding eeeckgggherum sh sh sh hey I am till wear the racing is still now over to Gatwick Corner meet you there is Richard Bullard this is Richard seeing there is quiet a crash wear Phil hill is quite all right but the race drivers behed him was will and their spectators two fire egreers One ambulance the ferrari were still in the lead but there was only one in the race ...apirl the spring is wear May and apirl are were the free do blossom with flower so gay June jluy both those month are bright and gay corn is coming to ripe in fields August we cut the corn and reper September and October we see the nigth draw in the tractor has a busy time ploughing the feild ...The Waesel The waesel is a sly old thing The gamekeeper saw him run so he aimed his gun And he fired a shot the 2,2 went off and the weasel fell to the ground the gamekeeps picked him up And pinned him on a tree. Pages 185-186 Sir Mr. T. says Mr. Holbrook is two soft with us by not teaching us spellings. I agree with Mr t because you cannot write a good story without knowing how to spell I am the best speller in 3c and do not find some words differcult but people who get under 40 find words very differcult .If you do not practise writing letters you will find it very hard when you leave school. I think Mr Holbrook has difficulty in reading our stories if we do not write neatly so I think it is essential that we should write properly. I have written a lot of stories in the term I have written a lot of stories because spelling does not slow me down so I find it quite easy .William Glebe Sir Mr T says that Mr. Holbrook our English teacher is too soft and does'nt teach us very good English but I don't believe one word of it it is absolutely nonsense he is a good enough teacher for any child to learn from. We write a lot of stories but we nearly all enjoy writing them. Mr T said it will be be harder for us when we leave school but if we consantrate  and listen to what we are told in English we will have no trouble when we go out into the world. When we write stories I think the story is much more important than the spellings and punctuation .Yours faithfully Judith When we have Mr Holbrook we have to write a story and sometimes we write 4 pages or more and we plenty of the idea four sinking of. Jack O'Malley we have to work hard and it tacks hard work to write those storm and it very hard when people say he soft on us .Joan Stall I think Mr T should come and see Mr. Holbrook teaching us we do a lot of writing we have even made a frame magazine .Michael Holmes Dear Uncle Ben I hope you are well and aunt Sue two and Kim we will became up in the August holiday will you come down for a holiday to our house this year I am writing this letter in school it is a hot day our Sally is on heat did I tell you my new girlfriend Name her name is Pauline Howlet I fill out with her down and she went with a another boy but she does on like him much now she is getting back with me we have go maths now .0.36230769230769233